a:3:{s:2:"id";i:4;s:5:"title";s:32:" Discuss, ask questions, and mor";s:4:"text";s:1954:"Discussions. Discuss, ask questions, and more on the community Discord or Bootstrap subreddit. Chat with fellow Bootstrappers in IRC. On the irc.libera.chat server, in the #bootstrap channel. Implementation help may be found at Stack Overflow (tagged bootstrap-5). Developers should use the keyword bootstrap on packages that modify or add to the functionality of Bootstrap when distributing through npm or similar delivery mechanisms for maximum discoverability. You can also follow @getbootstrap on Twitter for the latest gossip and awesome music videos. Stay up-to-date on the development of Bootstrap and reach out to the community with these helpful resources. Read and subscribe to The Official Bootstrap Blog. Ask questions and explore our GitHub Discussions. Discuss, ask questions, and more on the community Discord or Bootstrap subreddit. Chat with fellow Bootstrappers in IRC. On the irc.libera.chat server, in the #bootstrap channel. Implementation help may be found at Stack Overflow (tagged bootstrap-5). Developers should use the keyword bootstrap on packages that modify or add to the functionality of Bootstrap when distributing through npm or similar delivery mechanisms for maximum discoverability. You can also follow @getbootstrap on Twitter for the latest gossip and awesome music videos. Stay up-to-date on the development of Bootstrap and reach out to the community with these helpful resources. Read and subscribe to The Official Bootstrap Blog. Ask questions and explore our GitHub Discussions. Discuss, ask questions, and more on the community Discord or Bootstrap subreddit. Chat with fellow Bootstrappers in IRC. On the irc.libera.chat server, in the #bootstrap channel. Implementation help may be found at Stack Overflow (tagged bootstrap-5). Developers should use the keyword bootstrap on packages that modify or add to the functionality of Bootstrap when distributing through npm or similar delivery mechanisms for maximum";}